Allow per-conf specializations for specific markdown files (#5)
develer-staff/ConfCodeOfConduct: call-for-proposals.md

### Event Description

> {{conf-name}} is a comprehensive conference on {{conf-lang}} programming that started in 2015, organized by developers for developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{conf-name}} is a comprehensive conference on {{conf-lang}} programming that started in {{conf-fist-year}}, organized by developers for developers.
```

---

### Call for Proposals

> {{conf-name}} is a comprehensive conference on the Go programming language, established in 2015 and organized by Develer, a software company based in Bologna, Italy. Designed by developers for developers, {{conf-name}} brings together experts and enthusiasts to share knowledge and innovation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{conf-name}} is a comprehensive conference on the {{conf-lang}} programming language, established in 2015 and organized by Develer, a software company based in Florence, Italy. Designed by developers for developers, {{conf-name}} brings together experts and enthusiasts to share knowledge and innovation.
```

{{conf-name}} will be an in-person event. In this edition you will find talks and workshops.

## Talks

Talks will last 45 minutes and can either present and explain a topic of expertise or showcase something innovative to inspire other developers.
They are structured in 30 mins talk + 10 additional minutes for a Q/A session + 5 minutes to switch rooms. Speakers can modify the ratio between the talk and the Q/A session as they like. 

## Workshops
Workshops can be 3 or 6 hours long, focusing on practical case studies in an interactive format.

## Topics

> {{conf-name}} is receptive to proposals on any Go-related subject matter, including but not limited to cloud computing, networking, programming languages, ecosystems, devices, platforms, and security. Additionally, we encourage submissions that span multiple topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{conf-name}} is receptive to proposals on any {{conf-lang}}-related subject matter, including but not limited to cloud computing, networking, programming languages, ecosystems, devices, platforms, and security. Additionally, we encourage submissions that span multiple topics.
```

> Even if your talk is not strictly Go-related, we encourage you to submit it. We welcome challenging and unconventional proposals!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if your talk is not strictly {{conf-lang}}-related, we encourage you to submit it. We welcome challenging and unconventional proposals!
```

## Ticketing

If you submit a talk or workshop proposal you will be allowed to get your ticket at Early Bird price. In case your proposal may be rejected, we will send you a **discount code to get a Regular ticket for the price of an Early Bird one**. Please make sure to **purchase your ticket before the Regular fare deadline** (September 15th, 2025, at 12 PM, CET) otherwise the discount code won’t apply properly!

## **IMPORTANT: Visa documentation**

According to the Italian Laws, **we are not authorized to produce a document in support of people requesting a business visa for coming to speak to our conferences**. You must request a simple touristic visa and the only document we can produce in support is a declaration you will attend our conference and you will stay in the venue hotel in the conference period.
Please check if you can get your visa in your country in time for the conference before submitting your proposal.

## Benefits for speakers

If your talk is accepted, congrats: you will be officially a {{conf-name}} 2026 speaker! 

This grants you a free **Premium ticket** for the conference (free access to all talks and workshops) and free access to the social dinner.

> [1] Plus, we also offer a room at the Grand Hotel Mediterraneo ({{conf-name}}’s venue) for all the conference duration (2 nights for talks, 3 nights for workshops presenters).

Reviewer: Sicuramente da aggiornare, segnalato a Mena su slack
